Two Player Math Game

Create a 2-player guessing game where players take turns to answer simple addition problems. The math questions are automatically generated by the game. It should do this by picking two numbers between 1 and 20.

Example prompt: "Player 1: What does 5 plus 3 equal?"

Both players start with 3 lives. They lose a life if they mis-answer a question. If a player gets a question wrong, the game should output the new scores for both players, so players know where they stand.

The game doesn’t end until one of the players loses all their lives. At this point, the game should announce who won and what the other player’s score is.

-------

Bonus Enhancements

Colourize!

Add colour to your output. You can do what you like. A simple yet acceptable approach is to output bad outcomes as red and good outcomes as green.

Tip: Look for gems that can help make this easier for you.

Better Math

Instead of just prompting the user for addition questions, randomize that part too. Ask either addition, subtraction or multiplication questions.

Player Names

When the game starts, asks for Player 1’s name, and then Player 2’s name. From that point on, use their names instead of "Player 1" or "Player 2" when prompting them.

Restarting the Game

Instead of having to restart the ruby script, when the game finishes, ask if they want to play again and do so based on their response.

Player Score

Restarting the game does not ask the players for their name again, it assumes that the same people are playing again. Now you can keep track of their score and at the end of each game let them know the player scores.
